Limits for auto scaling are largely around how many
of each resource you can have.
The EC2 Limits Page that we looked at earlier does have sections at
the bottom for both auto scaling and load balancing.
While these aren't all the limits, they do hit the big ones. Again,
these can all be raised by sending a request to AWS.
With auto scaling,
the main limits are on the number of groups and
launch configurations you can have.
I think these are sufficiently large enough that you wouldn't hit them
unless you have an entire company working on one account.
Load‑balancing limits are also defined around the number of resources.
If you do a lot of internal load balancing,
the application load‑balancer limit may not be enough,
so keep an eye on that.
Another load balancer‑related limit is the number of certificates
that you can attach to a load balancer set at one.
This is important when creating a web application because
you'll need individual load balancers for each TLS
endpoint with a unique certificate.
In addition,
you can only have one target group configured for each load balancer.
These types of limits do explain how you can hit the resource limit quickly if you're not careful.